State description (#1379)
raiden-network/light-client: README.md

      - [Build the Raiden SDK](#build-the-raiden-sdk)
      - [Install the dApp Dependencies](#install-the-dapp-dependencies)
      - [Running the dApp locally](#running-the-dapp-locally)

> - [Use the dApp in Different Environments](#use-the-dapp-in-different-environments)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Keep a backup of the state to keep your tokens](#keep-a-backup-of-the-state-to-keep-your-tokens)
```
Should be at the end of #try-out-the-raiden-demo-dapp before the Minting manually section

After the development server starts you have to navigate to `http://localhost:8080`, in order to use the Raiden dApp. It requires either MetaMask to be installed on your browser or some other web3 provider (e.g. Wallet apps with dApp support).

> ## Use the dApp in Different Environments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Keep a backup of the state to keep your tokens
```

> If you want to continue using the dApp with a specific account when switching browser or changing computer you need to make sure that the dApp is connecting with the most recent state.

Reviewer: Store a backup of your state **to avoid loosing tokens**, if you
- Delete your local browser storage
- Change your computer
- Change your browser

This is important because your state contains all the off-chain information which is needed to make transactions in the Raiden Network. Your state is stored in the browser across sessions and therefore it needs to be downloaded and uploaded whenever you switch browser or change computer.

> If you loose or delete your state you will also loose your tokens. Luckily the dApp provides an easy way to download and upload your state via the `General Menu`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can download and upload your state via the `General Menu`.
```

> Example of state file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Structure of the state file:
```
